Flying back from a trip that you didn't expect to happen until short notice, while missing school in the process, was something I would have never found exciting until my last semester of high school. I guess it's obvious why, but I wish I'd always capitalize on opportunities like these. I wish I was more rebellious when I easily could have been during my sophomore and junior years. Was it a result of the pandemic? Or was it a result of just who I am? It's probably both. 

I wonder when I'll tell the truth to Diya that the afterparty of the engagement ceremony was really the first time I ever partied. But right now I'm not really worried about that. I'm more worried about how I'm gonna handle the rest of this week, then how I'm gonna handle the end of next week. I'm not excited at all for AP Lit discussions, nor do I want to present in front of 150 high school students (on something I haven't even contributed to). Public speaking is still my worst enemy, and my biggest fear above all. 


I think this trip gave me some insight into college. It's really sad that I only looked at colleges by the numbers. Most kids in my school do. I'm not sure if it's a Bay Area thing or whatever, but everyone just forgets about location, people, non-academic stuff. It shouldn't be like that. When Atharv put Columbia and Duke over schools like Michigan (and I think even Berkeley), in my tentative college rankings, for example. He's really smart, like well-rounded smart. Maybe I still jerk him off too much, but he's a pretty good influence. Anyways, Columbia? Fuck yeah. New York is chill. I only spent two days there, but everyone knows its chill. I'm sure college towns are chill as well. Berkeley? IDK. But if an auntie asks (specifically Diya's mom, for fuck's sake), that's my go-to answer. And to be honest, it's still my #1. But I gotta stop talking about this stuff and just wait. 

The biggest thing I'm gonna realize after I graduate high school is the fact that I'm never gonna see 99+% of the people in my school ever again in my life. It will just be students in my class who're going to the same college, random run-ins with students/faculty back home, and maybe a random visit to the school campus (although I never had a connection with Saint Francis like that, so the last one's probably not happening). Like Atharv, I'm just gonna move on, and enjoy it. So these next three months until I graduate are going to be interesting. The idea of a prom date was in my head momentarily until I open TikTok on Valentine's Day and see, really the only girl I talk to that I like, with her supposed valentine. Honestly I'm happy for her. I actually don't care about prom and graduation as ceremonies or milestones. This behavior is my dad's side speaking. But I might be pressured to do something. I'm just not gonna think about it. That's what I always do. Grad trip? Don't think about it.


The other thing on my mind right now is how I'd been acting the last few days. I think it's a pattern whenever I'm with Diya and her family. They are not like my family. They are like Mom. Not like Dad, Neil and me. The three of us do more listening than talking. So naturally, when the families clash, in this case under the excitement of seeing their new house (which is great but in my opinion, unnecessarily spacious, perhaps speaking to the unofficial motto of Texas, 'everything is bigger'), I am socially drowned. It's ok after a few conversations, but a few days later, I'm unmotivated to even talk. There's too much chatter, too much bickering or stupid joking on the side. The worst thoughts in my head are that someday in the future, I'll isolate myself from Diya and her family, and never talk to them again. Really dark. Once we leave, however, I always feel bad. Could I have seemed more exciting, more chattery? IDK. At the end of the day I know that I didn't piss them off blatantly, and being a part of the extended family, I'm unconditionally loved, I guess. 

Diya is an enigma to me, even still. I'd write a book on her past and our past, if only I knew how to conclude it. Recently she's getting on my nerve. Teenage girl era meets teenage guy era? That was really cringe to type. Knowing her now, it's not hard to calculate how she will act to anything. She'll kiss up to adults, try to stick her way in any conversation, and ultimately wear you out or dominate in said conversation. Or, if you lean the wrong way with her, she'll joke. She can act like an annoying kid or an annoying adult. I can enjoy a conversation with her for five minutes, as long as we never talk again for an extended period of time. I think I've been conditioned for that. Maybe I'm the problem. If I can't hold my own with my own family of extroverts, how the fuck will I hold my own with extroverts in my work team, for example? I don't know, there's also a cultural aspect, the ABCD (what they call American-born Confused Desi) thing I have in the family that naturally annoys me. How is it my fault that I am an American first? The only thing my extended family can fault me for is that I don't even want to try involving myself in certain Indian events. Eat certain Indian food, listen to their music. Truth is, the whole thing is tiring. Diya is a part of that thing, the rest of the family really (except Neil, who's making an effort unlike me). I guess I'm the enigma.

What the fuck do I even want? What the fuck am I even aiming for? I'm going in circles now because this is the stuff I think about when I'm bored on a plane (like right now), or driving on highways at night by myself, or alone in my room lying on my bed. Seems like Diya has goals, she has idols and inspirations that are different from her parents, she's independent. See, my parents have already achieved generational wealth. What the fuck am I doing then? Because I actually love STEM. This is the shit that sometimes I wish I didn't want, even though I know I do. The life of an NPC. I'll graduate from college with a CS or CS-related degree, get a job somewhere, make good money, not generational money unless I get lucky like my parents. The issue is I'm not too rebellious enough to even resent this. I don't mind this. But a part of me hates it for the fact that it's a story already written.

The one thing I'm really keen on changing is my self-image. Before I start college I want to lose pounds and gain muscle. I'm two weeks into a solid gym routine (which I hopefully haven't fully lost after this trip), and I want to keep pushing till August or whenever I start college. I realize that a good look in this society is everything. I wasn't blessed with height, instead too much hair. If I can at least shave off fat, I'll be proud of myself. I'm already proud for keeping a routine. I actually like going to the gym, not because of the workout itself, but because it's made me feel more independent. And most of the time I go by myself, a triumph for the introvert. A good look, am I'm convinced this is true, will make me more appealing for friend groups and a hopeful girlfriend. That was cringe to type. But it's true. I'm a 4, max. I think I can get to a 7.

I really want a girlfriend, but there's two sides of the story. The first side is the benefits. That's self-explanatory. The flip side is if it's the right time or not. Maturity wise, time wise. I'm still growing and I can't even take responsibility for my own actions at times. Obviously I'm not going to try making a pass at anyone right now, before I graduate high school; there's no point, and I don't see myself as someone who enjoys one-night stands, or flings, or anything like that. And Atharv told me that dating isn't worth it in college. Because he describes college as a place for one-night stands, flings, things like that. This is confusing and complex for me. Things will just naturally happen. I just need to be focused, honest, and open. All three of those are way more easier said than done.

This is why I need to focus more on hobbies. I don't mean like coding or art, although I could use more of those. Binging new shows/movies, for some reason I had a LEGO interest, things like that. Just random stuff (I called it an 'unbucket list' for some reason, sure) that I can notch down for the sake of satisfaction. That's really all I want. I want to be satisfied, to the point that I don't feel like I'm wasting time. Watching Young Sheldon satisfied me because of its plot, going to the gym satisfies me because I think about an absolutely shredded version of myself. Satisfaction.

I'm ignoring what I could really improve on: confidence. This comes completely at odds with my biggest fear of public speaking. But with more confidence, I could easily do whatever, easily satisfy myself. That and some hustle. I'm also lazy.

I thought writing about this would help, but I don't know. It hasn't hurt. I just haven't figured it out yet. For the time being I guess I have to resort to what I always do: stop thinking about it.